You can change the look of your character with a Skin Pack from the Store. Select 'Store' on the Main Menu to see what's available.
Iron golems will fight for you!
Alter the brightness setting to make the game brighter or darker.
If you set the game difficulty to Peaceful, your health will automatically regenerate, and no monsters will come out at night!
Feed a bone to a wolf to tame it. You can then make it sit or follow you.
Wearing a pumpkin on your head will keep Endermen from attacking you.
Sleeping in a bed at night will fast forward the game to dawn, but all players in a multiplayer game need to sleep in beds at the same time.
Harvest food from pigs, cows, sheep, rabbit, and chickens. Cook and eat it to regain health!
Harvest leather from cows, and use it to make armor and books.
If you have an empty bucket, you can fill it with water, lava, or milk from a cow!
Use a hoe to prepare areas of ground for planting.
Spiders won't attack you during the day - unless you attack them.
Feeding an animal will keep it from despawning. Build a pen to keep your animals safe.
Eating cooked food reduces hunger better than eating raw food.
Craft torches to light up dark areas. Monsters lurk in the darkness!
Get to destinations faster with a minecart and rail!
Plant some saplings and they'll grow into trees.
Zombified piglins won't attack you if you have golden armour - unless you attack them or open chests in bastions.
You can change your game spawn point, and skip to dawn by sleeping in a bed.
Hit those fireballs back at the Ghast!
Building a portal will allow you to travel to another dimension - The Nether.
Use the right tool for the job! Digging dirt with a shovel is much faster than using a pickaxe!
If you can't find any coal for your torches, you can always make charcoal from trees in a furnace.
Digging straight down or straight up is not a great idea.
Bonemeal (crafted from a Skeleton bone) can be used as a fertilizer and can make things grow instantly!
Creepers explode when they get close to you!
Obsidian is created when water hits a lava source block.
If the source block for water or lava is removed, it will stop the flow completely.
Cobblestone is resistant to Ghast fireballs, making it useful for guarding portals.
Blocks that can be used as a light source will melt snow and ice. This includes torches, glowstones, and Jack-O-Lanterns.
Take caution when building structures made of wool out in the open, as lightning from thunderstorms can set wool on fire.
A single bucket of lava can be used in a furnace to smelt 100 blocks.
The instrument played by a note block depends on the material beneath it.
Zombies and Skeletons can survive daylight if they are in water or wearing a helmet.
Attacking a wolf will cause any wolves in the immediate vicinity to turn hostile and attack you. This trait is also shared by Zombie Pigmen.
Wolves and Iron Golems won't attack Creepers.
Chickens lay an egg every 5 to 10 minutes.
Obsidian can only be mined with a diamond pickaxe.
Creepers are the easiest obtainable source of gunpowder.
Placing two chests side by side will make one large chest.
Tame wolves show their health with the position of their tail. Feed them meat to heal them.
Different colored dyes can be made from a variety of materials, cook cactus in a furnace to get green dye!
Some animals will follow you if you have wheat in your hand.
Music by C418!
There will be an update to this game eventually!
Mojang has more awards than staff!
Some famous people play Minecraft!
Do not look directly at the bugs.
Creepers were born from a coding bug.
Is it a chicken or is it a duck?
